docs(readme): added description new structure and onboarding new product teams and special cases (#2)
catenax-ng/product-onboarding: README.md

# Product Onboarding Repository

This repository contains all necessary parts to onboard a Catena-X product to consortia environments.

## Kubernetes / Argocd related Parts

> In `cluster` folder are all available clusters, in the `cluster/<clustername>/kustomization.yaml` we describe which product is deployed on the each cluster with the decleared permission level for the product on the target cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `cluster` folder contains all available clusters, in the `cluster/<clustername>/kustomization.yaml` we describe on which cluster the products with the declared permissions are deployed.
```

For each product based on their permissions on the clusters we declare the following Kubernetes cluster ressources.

- argo-project
- argo-vault-plugin-secret
- namespace

> Example:  
> `../../argocd/product-example/read-write`  
> has read-write permission on the cluster devsecops-testing  
> and it is declared on the cluster  
> `cluster/devsecops-testing/kustomization.yaml`

More Information can be found under argocd Folder: [README.md](argocd/README.md)

## GitHub related parts

We are providing all github repositorys and github organisation teams via an `terraform.tfvars`.

> Discription  of the to be added github teams / github repositorys / github repository-teams-mapping can be found in `github/terraform.tfvars` and if we want to create a new Repo/Team/Mapping we need to add all of the following.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description  of the to be added GitHub teams / GitHub repositories / GitHub repository-teams-mapping can be found in `github/terraform.tfvars` and if we want to create a new Repo/Team/Mapping we need to add all of the following.
```

- 'New' Github Repository

> - 'New' Github Teams

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 'New' Github Team
```

- 'New' Mapping between Github Repository and Github Team

> More Information can be found under Github Folder: [README.md](github/README.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More information can be found under the github folder: [README.md](github/README.md)
```

## Vault related parts

> We are providing for all product-teams vaults with their related Key/Value pairs based on the gh-product-team-name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are providing all product-teams `Vault` access with their Secrets Engine where they can store their own  Key/Value pairs based on the `gh-product-team-name`.
```

> Discription  of the to be added product vault can be found in `vault/terraform.tfvars`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description of the product to be added to vault can be found in `vault/terraform.tfvars`.
```

> More Information can be found under Vault folder: [README](vault/README.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More information can be found under vault folder: [README](vault/README.md)
```

Script, at first **terraform has to be initialized** as described in this under [Prerequisites for Terraform](/PREREQUISITES.md)

The check of the changes with 'terraform plan' and creation with 'terraform apply' which can be done after every terraform change or only at the end of all necessary changes is also described in the [README.md](https://github.com/catenax-ng/product-onboarding/blob/main/github/README.md).

For an 'terraform apply' and a 'terraform plan' command the following command line variables has to be set, see [prequrequisites](/PREREQUISITES.md).

## Create Pull Request

After you have created / modified the files for the new product-team e.g.product-example

- `argocd/product-example/base-read-only/resources/argo-project.yaml`
- `argocd/product-example/base-read-only/resources/avp-secret.yaml`
- `argocd/product-example/base-read-only/resources/avp-secret.yaml`
- `cluster/devsecops-testing/kustomization.yaml`

create a PR for your branch. After the PR has been approved and merged into main branch, the new team will be
automatically deployed to cluster environment (via ArgoCD application over the `_<ENVIRONMENT>-config_` at ArgoCD within the `_CORE_` cluster).

> Only after the merge in Github and the terraform apply have been done, the terraform state is consistent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only after the merge in GitHub and the `terraform apply` have been done, the terraform state is consistent, otherwise changes which are applied in parallel by someone else might be deleted again.
```

> Otherwise changes which are applied in parallel by someone else might be deleted again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
